Add guide to upgrading to cert-v2 (#223)
DefinedNet/nebula-docs: docs/guides/upgrade-to-cert-v2-and-ipv6/index.mdx

---
title: Upgrading to IPv6 support
summary:
  This guide describes how to take an existing nebula network and upgrade it to use the new v2 certificates and enable
  IPv6 addresses.
---

# Upgrading to IPv6 support

With newly added IPv6 support to nebula, there are a few steps that must be taken to enable it across your network.

The basic steps go:

import TOCInline from '@theme/TOCInline';

<TOCInline toc={toc} />

## Upgrade to nebula nightly

> First, download the updated nebula version that has v2 certs and IPv6 support from nightly releases, and move all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, upgrade each host in your network to a nebula version with support for v2 certs. Currently this is only available in the nightly releases.
```

Maybe add a note on how to check? i.e. `nebula -version`? What version string should they see?

with the nightly version of Nebula will create a v2 CA by default. v2 CAs support creating and signing both v1 and v2
certificates.

```bash
❯ nebula-cert ca -name "My Nebula CA" -encrypt
Enter passphrase:
```

Using `nebula-cert print` we can see that this is a v2 certificate authority.

```bash
❯ nebula-cert print -path ./ca.crt
{
	"curve": "CURVE25519",
	"details": {
		"groups": null,
		"isCa": true,
		"issuer": "",
		"name": "My Nebula CA",
		"networks": null,
		"notAfter": "2026-04-01T17:02:36-04:00",
		"notBefore": "2025-04-01T17:02:36-04:00",
		"unsafeNetworks": null
	},
	"fingerprint": "62aabc872783f1036c7075fa49302c306baa1efb2afe9966f08401f157b6ae75",
	"publicKey": "08edff75a4c83418ecac57f3c6f4c54d7a379c095c6fed161e947b471c5d63d8",
	"signature": "6b5cf89afca09f5136f1fd6dd8edea9bf0a92f369e03fa54ec3b9ac75292aa367fdd7940d220f0ceae545e00ff93ccbac7dacf1c642c017c72f7ea4b38723205",
	"version": 2
}
```

Append the new CA certificate to the [`pki.ca` trust bundle](https://nebula.defined.net/docs/config/pki/#pkica) in the
config of every Nebula host and reload Nebula.

> ## Issue v1+v2 certificates bundles

Author: maybe this should be "certificate" not "certificates"?
